Abstract

Microsoft Word is a licensed commercial word processor. It is a part of the Microsoft Office Suite. Microsoft Word is currently the most common word processor on the market.
Microsoft Word is a popular word-processing program used primarily for creating documents such as letters, brochures, learning activities, tests, quizzes and students' assignments, etc. There are many simple but useful features available in Microsoft Word.

1 Introduction

Microsoft Word is a word processor developed by Microsoft. It was first released in 1983 under the name Multi-Tool Word for Xenix systems. Subsequent versions were later written for several other platforms including IBM PCs running DOS (1983), Apple Macintosh running Mac OS (1985), AT&T Unix PC (1985), Atari ST (1988), OS/2 (1989), Microsoft Windows (1989) and SCO Unix (1994). Commercial versions of Word are licensed as a standalone product or as a component of Microsoft Office, Windows RT or the discontinued Microsoft Works suite. Microsoft Word Viewer and Office Online are Freeware editions of Word with limited fetures.

2 Main features

Word 2010 allows more customization of the Ribbon, adds a Backstage view for file management, has improved document navigation, allows creation and embedding of screenshots, and integrates with Word Web App.

2.1 Insert a table



2.2 Insert equations

Word offers the function of inserting a mathematic formula in an elegant representation.
We can see it inline like this



2.3 Insert a figure



2.4 Cross Reference

Table is for the information of enrollment and Figure shows the new campus of United International College.

2.5 Insert a list

There are the following programmes in DST:
Applied Psychology
Computer Science and Technology
Environmental Science
Financial Mathematics
Food Science and Technology
Statistics

3 Microsoft Office Specialist Certification

Demonstrate that you have the skills needed to get the most out of Office by earning a Microsoft Office Specialist (MOS) certification in a specific Office program. Holding a MOS certification can earn an entry-level business employee as much as $16,000 more in annual salary than uncertified peers. Please refer to the Microsoft company website for reference.

4 Conclusions

Though we have introduced only the fundamentals in Word, we can see that this typesetting system is very powerful.
